docs: refactor mrh doc (#981)
BoltzExchange/boltz-backend: docs/magic-routing-hints.md

# 🪄 Magic Routing Hints

While paying invoices of Reverse Swaps with Submarine Swaps is supported by Boltz, it is not economical. To minimize the number of transactions and costs, swap routes can be optimized or swaps can be skipped entirely and the sender can pay the receiver directly using Magic Routing Hints, or "MRH" for short.

For instance, instead of:

> * Chaining a Bitcoin -> Lightning Submarine Swap with a Lightning -> Liquid Reverse Swap, swap clients can instead use. a Bitcoin -> Liquid Chain Swap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Chaining a Bitcoin -> Lightning Submarine Swap with a Lightning -> Liquid Reverse Swap, swap clients can instead use a Bitcoin -> Liquid Chain Swap
```

* In the API call to create the swap, pass a chain address of the wallet for the chain on which the Reverse Swap will be claimed to. 
* In the API call to create the swap, pass a signature of the SHA-256 hash of this chain address, signed by the private key the Reverse Swap will be claimed with.
* When the API call returns, verify the correctness of the invoice, verifying the magic routing hint with the specific channel id and the claim public key in the node public key field.

## Steps For The Sender

When a wallet attempts to pay a Lightning invoice via a Submarine Swap, there are two options: either proceed with the standard Submarine Swap if no magic routing hint is present or use the magic routing hint if it exists. If a magic routing hint is found, then:

* Parse the public key in the routing hint.
* Send a [request to Boltz API](https://api.boltz.exchange/swagger#/Reverse/get_swap_reverse__invoice__bip21) to fetch the chain address of the receiver.
* Extract the address from the BIP-21, hash the address, and verify the signature returned in the API call against the public key in the magic routing hint.

> * Either use that address directly or verify the amount of the BIP21 before paying. On Liquid, the asset id should be verified, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify the amount of the BIP21 before paying to it. On Liquid, the asset id should be verified, too.
```

## Amounts

> Magic Routing Hints are designed to ensure the receiver gets the exact same amount as with chained swaps, while allowing the sender to reduce their costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magic Routing Hints are designed to ensure the receiver gets the exact same amount as with chained swaps, while allowing the sender to reduce their costs. The amount in the BIP-21 should be honored by the sender.
```

# 🪄 Magic Routing Hints

While paying invoices of Reverse Swaps with Submarine Swaps is supported by Boltz, it is not economical. To minimize the number of transactions and costs, swap routes can be optimized or swaps can be skipped entirely and the sender can pay the receiver directly using Magic Routing Hints, or "MRH" for short.

For instance, instead of:

* Chaining a Bitcoin -> Lightning Submarine Swap with a Lightning -> Liquid Reverse Swap, swap clients can instead use a Bitcoin -> Liquid Chain Swap
* Chaining a Liquid -> Lightning swaps with a Lightning -> Liquid swap, swap clients can directly send a Liquid transaction to the receiver

> The only data that the receiver and sender share in these scenarios is the Lightning invoice. Encoding arbitrary data in an invoice is impractical, so we add a hint to this invoice with which one can fetch a chain address of the recipient. This hint is encoded in the routing hints section of the swap's Lightning invoice with a specific channel id. There is no actual channel with this id, just that this channel as routing hint signals to supporting wallets that the magic routing hint feature is enabled by the recipient. The node public key in the routing hint is the same public key with which the receiver would need to sign to enforce the claim of the Reverse Swap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only data that the receiver and sender share in these scenarios is the Lightning invoice. Encoding arbitrary data in an invoice is impractical, so we add a hint to this invoice which indicates that one can fetch a chain address of the recipient. This hint is encoded in the routing hints section of the swap's Lightning invoice with a specific channel id. There is no actual channel with this id, just that this channel as routing hint signals to supporting wallets that the magic routing hint feature is enabled by the recipient. The node public key in the routing hint is the same public key with which the receiver would need to sign to enforce the claim of the Reverse Swap.
```

> The only data that the receiver and sender share in these scenarios is the Lightning invoice. Encoding arbitrary data in an invoice is impractical, so we add a hint to this invoice with which one can fetch a chain address of the recipient. This hint is encoded in the routing hints section of the swap's Lightning invoice with a specific channel id. There is no actual channel with this id, just that this channel as routing hint signals to supporting wallets that the magic routing hint feature is enabled by the recipient. The node public key in the routing hint is the same public key with which the receiver would need to sign to enforce the claim of the Reverse Swap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only data that the receiver and sender share in these scenarios is the Lightning invoice. Encoding arbitrary data in an invoice is impractical, so we add a hint to this invoice with which one can fetch a chain address of the recipient. This hint is encoded in the routing hints section of the swap's Lightning invoice with a specific channel id. There is no actual channel with this id, the channel as routing hint only signals to supporting wallets that the magic routing hint feature is enabled by the recipient. The node public key in the routing hint is the same public key with which the receiver would need to sign to enforce the claim of the Reverse Swap.
```

## Steps For The Receiver

When creating a Reverse Swap with a magic routing hint, there are a few additional steps that the receiver must take:

* In the API call to create the swap, pass a chain address of the wallet for the chain on which the Reverse Swap will be claimed to.

> * In the API call to create the swap, pass a signature of the SHA-256 hash of this chain address, signed by the private key the Reverse Swap will be claimed with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the API call to create the swap, pass a signature of the SHA-256 hash of this chain address, signed by the private key the Reverse Swap can be claimed with.
```

> * When the API call returns, verify the correctness of the invoice, verifying the magic routing hint with the specific channel id and the claim public key in the node public key field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the API call returns, verify the correctness of the invoice, including the magic routing hint with the specific channel id and the claim public key in the node public key field.
```
